mm and kanun in the southern GZA strip
so Han it's been a deadly night tell us
what's been
happening yes indeed a very deadly and
bloody night for Palestinians not only
in the southern part of the Gaza Strip
even though it's very concentrated in
kanun but also in the central part and
the northern part of the Gaz let me
start by the latest and Rafa City where
four major residential homes in Al Jan
neighborhood and a a small refugee camp
in in Rafa city were completely
destroyed and and at another area at the
entrance of Rafa City the total was four
residential buildings we're talking
about residential B Building made of a
three and four story high we're
completely destroyed 35 people have been
reported killed and multiple other
critical injuries but but the worst of
these attacks happened here in KH unun
where a commercial center a commercial
building at Central khun an area that's
supposed to be safe where hundreds of
people within the past two days since
the end of the ceasefire have evacuated
from the Eastern side of kanun is
seeking refuge in this uh uh commercial
building we're talking about offices and
Clinics drug stores and mini shop Min
markets mini market shops and closing
shops all turned in an evacuation Center
people were told of as of early hours of
last night to evacuate this commercial
uh buildings and they became this place
for the second time but the entire
commercial building is located in a very
densely populated area it's a market
area at the central part of kanun was
completely destroyed and burned beyond
recognition now the destruction of that
commercial building
it caused severe damage to the
surrounding areas so we're talking about
more residential homes were severely
damaged to the point that they are not
in they're not livable anymore people
were forced to move away from that area
as life is becoming very difficult as a
result of the destruction and the Damage
that is caused to the infrastructure to
the Eastern side of of hanun where the
Israeli military started to advance in a
a on we're talking about tanks and
armored vehicle expanding operations on
the ground a an a family that was
stranded there abuan family was still in
the Eastern side of Aban the Eastern
side of KH unun were still there were
trying to evacuate when their
three-story building was was shilled by
tanks and destroyed completely they
reports about many people who have been
killed there's still in that area
ambulances and and and civil defense
crew on the ground are unable to reach
the area as it is under heavy fire and
tank shells to the central part of the G
namely the city of D where sha hospital
is located a extreme fire builds was
created around the hospital destroying
its uh infrastructure and the
surrounding facilities and all the roads
leading to the main entrance the
hospital making it very difficult for
ambulances and people to move in and out
of the hospital just a scenario that
reminds uh people of what happened to
hospitals in Gaza and the northern part
but on top of that a bakery the only
lived Bakery in feeding hundreds of
people there uh it was destroyed
completely we're talking about a city
now that has no grocery stores no shops
and no bakeries right now in Gaza City
where the civil defense crew the only
left civil defense crew on the ground
was targeted and there was an
announcement by the civil defense team
in Gaza they are now aren't able to
provide any rescue service because all
of their members have been
targeted honey thank you very much
indeed that's hany mmud who's been
bringing us up to date from kanun in
southern Gaza Strip